The film exceeded my expectations. That being said, I had not expected much. I suppose this is mainly because I have always seen the main actress Awkwafina playing funny side characters roles. I like how it focused on one specific premise (of her grandma's diagnosis) and managed to highlight the contrast of western independent self-interest and eastern family ties. It was just a mild inconvenience whenever Chinese captions cover up the translated English subtitles even when the speakers are talking in Chinese. Personally, I find it relatable when Billi was turned down for an extremely competitive fellowship she had applied. She must have felt like she had let down the family and all their struggles.

I think for western audience, they might straight up view lying to the patient of the diagnosis as a legal and moral violation. However, I think it is important to be open-minded and see things from a different perspective. It is simply a matter of a different philosophy. For many Asian families, it is often the norm to put family first rather than self. To them, not telling grandma about her terminal illness is doing her a favor by carrying the burden themselves instead of letting her do so. Therefore, I understand their actions even though I personally do not fully agree with this since I would definitely want to know if it had been me. It is also interesting that despite having grown up in America, Billi still has strong emotional connections to her Chinese family and memories of her childhood. I think many immigrants and children of immigrants can relate to trying to balance their family’s traditions with the culture they grew up around. The film makes this experience feel almost like a personal vlog rather than just presenting it as a historical or documentary. I was also glad to learn that Nana somehow remained alive 6 years after diagnosis. 

Billi represents the experience of an Asian American who is culturally influenced by both China and the US. This connects to earlier chapters about immigrants maintaining connections to their homelands while adapting to American society. Her struggle with the Chinese language also reflects how later generations can become more Americanized while still trying to maintain their ethnic identity. The film also connects to the idea of the “forever foreigner,” because Billi does not feel completely Chinese or completely American. She couldn't make friends in America. She also couldn't handle the massage session in China. She just did not fit in.
